update instructions for multiline yaml (#1068)
instructlab/taxonomy: README.md

> - Each example in `seed_examples` begins with a "-". Place this "-" in
  front of the first field (`question` or `context`). The remaining keys in the
  example should not have this "-".
> - Some special characters such as " and ' need to be escaped with backslash. This is why some

>   of the lines for keys in the example YAML we provided have the '|' character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the lines for keys in the example YAML start the value with the '|' character followed a new line and then an indented multi-line string.
```

>   This character disables all of the special characters in the value for the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The '|' character disables all of the special characters in the value for the key.
```
